First commit of v2.0.0 (#251)
decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange: spec/v2.0.0/spec.md

This specification is designed to be both [[ref:Claim]] format and transport
envelope agnostic, meaning an implementer can use
[JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519), 
[Verifiable Credentials (VCs)](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/), 
[JWT-VCs](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#json-web-token-extensions), 
or any other [[ref:Claim]] format, and convey them via
[Open ID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/),
[DIDComm](https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/), 
[Credential Handler API](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/), 
or any other transport envelope. The goal of this flexible format- and
transport-agnostic mechanism is to nullify the redundant handling, code, and
hassle involved in presenting and satisfying logical requirements across formats
and transport envelopes.

This specification does not define transport protocols, specific endpoints, or
other means for conveying the formatted objects it codifies, but encourages
other specifications and projects that do define such mechanisms to utilize
these data formats within their flows.

## Status of This Document

> Presentation Exchange v1.0 is a _DRAFT_ specification under development within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presentation Exchange v2.0 is a _PRE-DRAFT_ specification under development within
```

the Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF). It incorporates requirements and
learnings from related work of many active industry players into a shared
specification that meets the collective needs of the community.

> This specification is ready for feedback from other decentralized
> identity-related and -adjacent communities. It will be updated to incorporate
> that feedback, then implementations will be sought so that the specification can
> move to _Working Group Approved_ status. We encourage reviewers to submit issues
> on [GitHub](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification is regularly updated to reflect relevant changes, and we
encourage active engagement on
[GitHub](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange/issues)
and other mediums (e.g., [DIF Slack](https://difdn.slack.com/archives/C4X50SNUX).
```
